= websearch.js

Websearch.js is a vimperator plugin for user customisable web search commands.

== Requires

* Firefox
* Vimperator (Firefox addons)

== Usage

You can use :[custom_name] [keyword] to search on web searvice, like below.
  :alc fire

It will be opened ALC in new tab, and search with keyword 'fire'.
If you add bang (!), it will be opened in current tab.

You also can use its command without keywod
  :alc

It will be openen ALC home page.
(It is also registered into quickmarks with its command names initial.)

All websearch.js command is managed in webSearchTemplates object.
alc template is berow.
  liberator.globalVariables.webSearchTemplates = [
    { names: ['alc'], description: 'search alc', url: 'http://eow.alc.co.jp/%KEYWORD%/UTF-8/', tabOpen: true, urlWithoutKeyword: 'http://www.alc.co.jp' }
  ];


== custom template

You can add custom command on .vimperatorrc, like below.
  javascript <<EOM
  liberator.globalVariables.webSearchTemplates = [
    { names: ['gems'], description: 'search rubygems.org', url: 'http://rubygems.org/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&query=%KEYWORD%' }
  ];
  EOM
Custom template will be merged template of websearch.js default template.

webSearchTemplates attribues.

=== names
[type] String Array OR String
[requirement] require
[note] Command name
[example] ['alc']

=== description
[type] String
[requirement] optional
[note] command description
[example] 'search alc'

=== url
[type] String
[requirement] require
[note] url for search with keyword. the part of keyword need to replace %KEYWORD%
[example] 'http://eow.alc.co.jp/%KEYWORD%/UTF-8/'

=== tabOpen
[type] boolean
[requirement] optional
[note] tabOpen status (default true). if tabOpen is set false, command without bang (!) will be opend in current tab
[example] true

=== urlWithoutKeyword
[type] String
[requirement] optional
[note] url for open web searvice without keyword (like a bookmark). it is also registerd into quickmarks
[example] 'http://www.alc.co.jp'

if urlWithoutKeyword is not set, it will be generated with host of url.
  'http://rubygems.org/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&query=%KEYWORD%' => 'http://rubygems.org/'

urlWithoutKeyword is registerd into quickmarks with its command names initial.
(If names are set multiple command name, websearch.js use first command name.)
  'alc' => 'qmark a http://www.alc.co.jp/'


